Update vocabulary (#1030)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/intro/vocabulary.rst

Vocabulary
----------

The ASReview project makes use of standardized terminology for all
communication regarding ASReview and its underlying technology. An overview of

> terms and usage can be found in the table below.  

Author: This was the old text, which I did not change in the PR., but happy to do so!!

+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Term             | Usage                                                     |
+==================+===========================================================+
| **Active         | Use to indicate how the next record to be screened by     |
| learning         | the user is selected. The model consists of several       |
| model**          | elements: a feature extraction technique, a classifier,   |
|                  | a balance and a query strategy.                           |
|                  |                                                           |
| **Model          | Use for the action by the user in the front-end.          |

> | configuration**  |                                                           |

Author: good point!!

|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Oracle** mode is used when a user performs a        |
|                  | systematic review in interaction with the AI, where the   |
|                  | record tobe screened is the result of the model.          |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Exploration** mode includes several preloaded       |
|                  | labelled datasets can be used for teaching purposes,      |
|                  | benchmark testing and debugging.                          |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Simulation** mode is used for running simulations to|
|                  | evaluate the performance of one (or multiple) active      |
|                  | learning models on labelled datasets.                     |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

> | **Notes**        | Information added by the user in the note field and       |
> |                  | stored in the project file.                               |
> |                  | It can be changed in the history panel.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Notes**        | Information added by the user in the note field and       |
|                  | stored in the project file. It can be edited on the       |
|                  | project page **History**.                                 |
```

|                  | simulations studies.                                      |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Contributors** | Everyone contributing to the ASReview project (through    |

> |                  | GitHub)                                                   |

Author: ok!

| **Dataset**      | user imports and exports. Data also include the           |
|                  | prior knowledge, labels, and notes.                       |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **ELAS**         | Our Electronic Learning ASsistent. Name of our mascot.    |
|                  | Use for storytelling and to increase explainability.      |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Extension**    | Use to indicate additional elements to the ASReview       |
|                  | software, such as the ASReview visualisation extension,   |
|                  | or the ASReview CORD-19 extension.                        |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Import**       | Use to describe the proces of importing a dataset in      |

> |                  | the software (instead of uploading).                      |

Author: whoops, I forgot to include the option to import a project file! thanks for adding this feature

+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Mode**         | Use to refer to one of the three modi available in the    |
|                  | software: oracle, simulation and exploration mode.        |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Oracle** mode is used when a user performs a        |
|                  | systematic review in interaction with the AI, where the   |
|                  | record tobe screened is the result of the model.          |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Exploration** mode includes several preloaded       |
|                  | labelled datasets can be used for teaching purposes,      |
|                  | benchmark testing and debugging.                          |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | The **Simulation** mode is used for running simulations to|
|                  | evaluate the performance of one (or multiple) active      |

> |                  | learning models on labelled datasets.                     |

Author: yes, makes sense

|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Notes**        | Information added by the user in the note field and       |
|                  | stored in a separate column in the output data.           |

> |                  | It can be changed in the history panel.                   |

Author: so, the notes are stored in the project file instead of the data?

> |                  | It can be changed in the history panel.                   |

Reviewer: Not stored in the exported dataset. Currently, notes can only be viewed in ASReview LAB.

> |                  | It can be changed in the history panel.                   |

Author: and are stored in the project file.

|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Project**      | Use to refer to a project available in the front-end      |
|                  | containing the data the project and model settings, prior |

> |                  | knowlede, the labels, notes and all historical decissions.|

Author: Are the the labels, notes and all historical decisions not stored in the project file?

> |                  | knowlede, the labels, notes and all historical decissions.|

Author: maybe drop the last part "containing the data and model configuration"?

> |                  | knowlede, the labels, notes and all historical decissions.|

Reviewer: Sounds good!

|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Project file** | Use to refer to the `.asreview` file containing the data  |
|                  | the project and model settings, the labels and all        |

> |                  | the information needed to reproduce the output.           |

Reviewer: They are defined as elements of "data".

> |                  | the information needed to reproduce the output.           |

Author: hahaha, maybe I should read the vocabulary myself

|                  | journal, or DOI of the publication.                       |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Reviewing**/   | All terms can be used to indicate the decision-making     |
| Labeling/        | process on the relevancy of records ("irrelevant" or      |
| Screening/       | "relevant").                                              |
| Classifying      |                                                           |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Status**       | Use to describe the different stages in the software.     |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | In the **Set-up** the user adds project information,      |
|                  | imports the dataset, selects priors, knowledge,           |
|                  | configures the model. It also includes the 1st            |

> |                  | iteration of model.                                       |

Author: Are you sure, because this is information I received from @J535D165

> |                  | iteration of model.                                       |

Reviewer: Added back. Rephrased.

|                  |                                                           |
|                  | In the **In Review** (or running) part of the process the |
|                  | user adds labels or notes (in Oracle Mode), or where the  |
|                  | labels are determined by the software (in Simulation Mode)|
|                  |                                                           |
| Finished/        | Whenever the user decides that the reviewing process      |
| stopped          | has been completed or if all records are labeled by the   |
|                  | human (in Oracle mode) or by the software (in Simulation  |
|                  | mode.                                                     |
|                  |                                                           |
| Published        | Whenever the data and project file are pubished in a      |

> |                  | repository (preferably with a Digital Object Identifier). |

Author: Thanks, much better!

|                  | consists of other metadata, for example, the authors,     |
|                  | journal, or DOI of the publication.                       |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Reviewing**/   | All terms can be used to indicate the decision-making     |
| Labeling/        | process on the relevancy of records ("irrelevant" or      |
| Screening/       | "relevant").                                              |
| Classifying      |                                                           |
|                  |                                                           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| **Status**       | Use to describe the different stages in the software.     |
|                  |                                                           |
|                  | **Setup** refers to the fact that the user adds project   |
|                  | information, imports the dataset, selects the prior       |

> |                  | knowledge and configures the model.                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | knowledge, configures the model and initiates the first   |
|                  | iteration of model training.                              |
```
